JACK THE RIPPER
Only one in fifty soldiers can kill without hesitation.
I guess I'm that 2% right?
Normal guys ... they could not stand it ...
All the blood and the dismembered parts ...
Fear in the eyes that are lifeless.
I do not...
I like it.
Much.
The younger you learn to do something, the better you do it, understand?
I remember Liberia as if it were yesterday ...
All the abuse, the threats ...
The next thing I remember, I get tired, I start cutting men into pieces.
I'm going to enjoy this.
DEVELOPED BY PLATINUMGAMES INC.
Rayden, what's this mess ?! You can not give up!
Sorry, Boris, it's done.
It can not be that a member of Maverick is involved in an assault on the corporation, right?
You can at least talk to me!
Do not.
It was time to break with the old Boris team, time to cut.
Rayden! Ere ...!
Wait
Fire!
25th ANNIVERSARY OF METAL GEAR
Military Cyborg, we do not have a license to act in this area!
You are violating federal and state laws!
I guess it's better that you arrest me then ...
183104.7, threaten a policeman. Authoritative mortal force
That's what I wanted to hear
OBJECTIVE: ELIMINATES CYBORG AGENTS
OBJECTIVE: GO TO THE HEADQUARTERS OF THE GREAT MARISCAL
All that talk about justice, and here I am.
Justice is not the murderer.
OBJECTIVE: GO TO THE BALCONY
Who is the next one?
I have judged you wrong. You are like us after all!
Now you're being disgusting
That nickname that you like so much,
Do you know how I got it?
In fact, I'm going to show you
I think it's time for Jack to start eviscerating!
SHORT WHAT YOU WANT